[wrangler] Support jurisdictions for KV namespaces (#14807)
cloudflare/workers-sdk: .changeset/kv-namespace-create-jurisdiction.md

---
"wrangler": minor
---

> Add an experimental `--jurisdiction` option to `wrangler kv namespace create`

Reviewer: Is this experimental in the sense that we might change or remove it? If so, it should be named `--experimental-jurisdiction`. If it is only hidden while access is gated before GA, how about:

```suggestion
Add hidden `--jurisdiction` option to `wrangler kv namespace create` for internal testing
```

Author: yeah that makes sense, I'll follow your suggestion.
